# Getting started

```
npm install --save react-svg-path
```

then in your own code:

```
import Path from 'react-svg-path'
```

react-svg-path is mostly helpful for building the commands needed for the "d" attribute of an svg path.

Most methods are direct translations from the [SVG Path specification](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths).

### Example
```<path d="M0 0, L0 100"></path>```

This path can be produced with:

```
const path = new Path().M(0,0).L(0,100);
console.log(path.toString()) // M0 0, L0 100
```

## Path Commands

For every svg path command there is an equivalent command available in react-svg-path.

* **A**(*rx,ry,rotation,arc,sweep,ex,ey*)
* **a**(*rx, ry,rotation,arc,sweep,ex,ey*)
* **C**(*cx1,cy1,cx2,cy2,ex,ey*)
* **A**(*rx,ry,rotation,arc,sweep,ex,ey*)
* **a**(*rx, ry,rotation,arc,sweep,ex,ey*)
* **C**(*cx1,cy1,cx2,cy2,ex,ey*)
* **c(*cx1,cy1,cx2,cy2,ex,ey*)
* **H(*x*)
* **h(*x*)
* **L(*x,y*)
* **l(*x,y*)
* **M(*x,y*)
* **m(*x,y*)
* **Q(*cx,cy,ex,ey*)
* **q(*cx,cy,ex,ey*)
* **S(*cx,cy,ex,ey*)
* **s(*cx,cy,ex,ey*)
* **T(*ex,ey*)
* **t(*ex,ey*)
* **V(*y*)
* **v(*y*)

And then for most of these is there is a semantically named helper method. Not required, but for complex paths it may be easier to read for those not familiar with path commmands.

* **arc**(*rx,ry,rotation,arc,sweep,ex,ey,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to a
* **cCurveTo**(*cx,cy,ex,ey,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to c
* **horizontalTo**(*x,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to h
* **lineTo**(*x,y,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to l
* **moveTo**(*x,y,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to m
* **qCurveTo**(*cx,cy,ex,ey,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to q
* **sCurveTo**(*cx,cy,ex,ey,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to s
* **verticalTo**(*x,relative = false*)
  * relative is optional, its default is false. Setting relative to true is equivalent to v

Some additional path command helpers:

* **down**(*px*)
  * Draw line from current position down by px
* **up**(*px*)
  * Draw line from current position up by px
* **right**(*px*)
  * Draw line from current position right by px
* **left**(*px*)
  * Draw line from current position left by px


One more path command helper

* **close**()
  * Produces a "Z" command which draws a stright line back to the first point of the path.

## Path Attributes
If you intend to output an actual path element and not just the set of commands attributes can be set on the element using the attr helper.

* **attr**(*key, value*)
  * example: `attr('id', 'my-id')` will result in `<path id="my-id"></path>`

Built-in attribute helpers

* **fill**(*val*)
* **stroke**(*val*)
* **strokeWidth**(*val*)
* **style**(*val*)

## Rendering

Depending on your needs there are few ways to use the data generated by react-svg-path.

* **toArray**
 * Returns an array of path commands
* **toString**
  * Returns a string of path commands
* **toElement**
  * Returns path jsx incuding attributes
* **toComponent**(*props*)
  * same as toElement, but allows additional props
